David Tennant obviously you're part of
the yeah you ever seen Doctor Who my son
lived here a year and a half and he
turned beyond to the show and it's it's
amazing I love it
although I think Bill and Ted ripped you
guys off they did that's all right
that's a good reference and is this the
Doctor Who you saw yes okay she says
with confidence only one that's right
Doctor Who it continues you see because
they keep regenerating yes yeah if you
tuned in now name is bond yeah there's a
different one yeah girls now it is it is
a woman now and obviously because it's
so top secret who's gonna be the new
yeah but because you had worked so
closely with Jody on yeah on broad row
yeah did you know did she confide in you
I knew a little bit before but only
because because Chris Chibnall who wrote
broadchurch who we both know is no
running Doctor Who so he for me up and
said um the next doctor would like to
call you is that okay no no don't worry
don't worry they'll be the next person
to call it was very high-level Doctor
Who
I put my phone down and waited for it to
ring and of course because I know Judy
her name pops up and it was very
exciting
Wow and oddly you met your wife on the
cess of the review yeah but she is the
daughter of a doctor who yes which must
drive Doctor Who people into a frenzy I
mean it is statistically quite unlikely
but oh there we all are
look there's the three of us yeah
embarrassing I'm winning the same suit
[Applause]
Wow doesn't make me look very windswept
and celebrity gossip
it's a very nice one you wouldn't wanted
to just wear it once right you know you
know it works you know it works
you know nothing should only be one
TARDIS yes but but the TARDIS
regenerates in the same way the doctor
does is it's it's unique to each doctor
Oh change through time so when I was in
the TARDIS it looked different to the
one that I now knock through I really
like your TARDIS though Thanks things
like sonic screwdrivers and stuff do you
have your own yeah yeah this is bigger
than mine comes up the end and lights up
this Katherine famous that you were the
runaway bride in Doctor Who
[Laughter]
did you get special coaching or was it
just kind of British running and I was a
for tenant who's he's a whippersnapper
he which is very very kindly which
doesn't sound like you were afforded to
say hospitality David used to factor in
recent stop so I could catch up
[Applause]
else on the couch has had a memorable
encounter with nature now Matt Smith you
were I believe we you were the lady
friend were you in a garden no were you
in a field where were you this is the
wasp yes well I was under a sort of
veranda it was like a Moroccan rat this
is a while ago on my hand but I was
under a sort of veranda and we were you
know we were we were we were we were we
were yes she was on top and I you know
did you get idea sorry sorry to be crass
but anyway to cut very long and terrible
noise Thank You Craig what happened was
she sort of mid thrust as it were this
is true it is terribly true I was stung
I was stung on me sort of yell it out
and she obviously thought it was
incredible the bloody wasp would start
me on the knockers hello oh my god
[Applause]
no like you've been you just yeah what's
your name
Matt
[Applause]
now of you have you made yourself look
like Matt Smith no I think I was born
this way where do you live Matt Bristol
in Bristol yes so close to Cardiff yes
do you wait for Matt sight yes I do in
the children each clip that was shown
David Tennant where as the Fez and I was
wondering if any more hats were involved
in the episode and did you get the Fez
on John Hurt if you stood face to face
he would look like avast
I mean he does look very like you just
thank you very much have you seen him
before
Oh what's your name sir Stefan Stefan
and where are you from Los Angeles and
have you flown in for this we yeah I did
actually I've been flying around the
world that's out do the girl earlier but
I've been working on a Doctor Who tattoo
and and I've been having all the doctors
actually signed my arm and have it
tattooed over the ideas to get them all
since we're talking about it Shawn
you're on comic-con yeah I watched you
in a hotel Buffy yeah and I was pissed
and I said careful he's always drunk and
Matt's right here and then Sylvester
McCoy is here and Peter Davison and I'm
actually missing David specifically for
you to sign ok Stefan ok Stefan quickly
someone I'll show you how to get into
the studio right and quick quick quick
baby jacket so no no maybe you could
sign it somewhere else
[Applause]
okay hello Stefan hi come on in this is
David Tennant's hey this is a good man
incredible - where did you get all this
stuff so I had to go in here yeah that
was that was actually made specifically
for you Jimmy Carr what so asking a
question what you think it's gonna be
like to touch a girl
[Applause]
marry the Dalek you're married to the
Dalek of course
[Music]
[Applause]
good answer
I don't want to go over the lines though
I'm kind of nervous yeah beautifully
[Applause]
[Music]